{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande-Bold;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 Georgia;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red26\green26\blue26;\red255\green255\blue255;
\red35\green35\blue35;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red157\green71\blue37;\red65\green65\blue65;
\red233\green233\blue233;\red38\green38\blue38;\red22\green169\blue172;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
\cssrgb\c18431\c18431\c18431;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c68235\c35686\c19216;\cssrgb\c32157\c32157\c32157;
\cssrgb\c92941\c92941\c92941;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;\cssrgb\c0\c71373\c72941;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}
{\list\listtemplateid6\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid501\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid6}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}{\listoverride\listid6\listoverridecount0\ls6}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww27660\viewh14560\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
\
\
Linux\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b \cf3 \cb4 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Ubuntu
\b0 \'a0is a computer\'a0
\b operating system
\b0 \'a0based on the Debian Linux distribution and distributed as free and open source software, using its own desktop environment. It is named after the Southern African philosophy of\'a0
\b ubuntu
\b0 \cf2 \cb1 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Linux is a Unix-like and POSIX-compliant computer operating system assembled under the model of free and open source software development and distribution. The defining component of Linux is the Linux kernel, an operating system kernel first released\cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf5 \cb6 Advantages:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Low cost:
\b0 \'a0You need not spend much money to obtain license as its softwares come from GNU General Public License. You can also download high quality software whenever you want, free of cost and you need not worry that your program may stop due to trail version. You can also install it in \'a0many computers without paying.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Performance:\'a0
\b0 Linux provides high performance on workstations and on networks. It also helps in making old computers\'a0 sufficient and usable again and also can handle many users at a time.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Stability:
\b0 \'a0You don\'92t have to reboot periodically to maintain performance. It can handle large number of users and does not hang up or slow down due to memory issues. Continuous up time upto a year or so is common.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Flexibility:
\b0 \'a0It is used for high performance applications, desktop applications and embedded applications. You can save disk space by installing components required for a particular use. You can restrict specific computers instead of all computers.\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0
\b \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Security:
\b0 \'a0The security aspect of the linux is very strong as it is very secure and it is less prominent to viruses, even if there is an attack there would be immediate step taken by the developers all over the world to resolve it.\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf5 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Choice:\'a0Choice is one of the greatest advantage of Linux. It gives the power to control every aspect of the operating system. Main features that you have control is look and feel of desktop by Windows Manager and\'a0 kernel.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa420\partightenfactor0

\b \cf5 \cb6 Disadvantages:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Understanding:
\b0 \'a0To become familiar with Linux you need to have a lot of patience and desire to read and explore about it.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Software:
\b0 \'a0Linux has a limited selection of available softwares.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ease:
\b0 \'a0Even though Linux has improved a lot in ease of use but windows is much easier.\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hardware:
\b0 \'a0Linux doesnot support many hardware devices.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf2 \
\
Windows \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Microsoft Windows is a series of graphical interface operating systems developed, marketed, and sold by Microsoft. Microsoft introduced an operating environment named Windows on November 20, 1985 as a graphical operating system shell for MS-DOS.\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\b \cf7 \cb6 Windows 8
\b0 \'a0is a personal computer operating system developed by Microsoft as part of the\'a0
\b Windows
\b0 \'a0NT family of operating systems. Development of\'a0
\b Windows 8
\b0 started before the release of its predecessor,\'a0
\b Windows
\b0 \'a07, in 2009.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa420\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf5 Advantages:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ease:
\b0 \'a0Microsoft Windows has made much advancement and changes which made it easy to use the operating system. Even though it is not the easiest, it is easier than linux.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Software:
\b0 \'a0Since there are more number of Microsoft users there are more software programs, games and utilities for windows. All most all games are compatible to windows, some CPU intensive and graphic intensive games are also supported.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Hardware:
\b0 \'a0All hardware manufacturers will support Microsoft windows. Due to large number of Microsoft users and broader driver, all the hardware devices are supported.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Front Page Extension:
\b0 \'a0When using a popular web design program having windows hosting makes it lot more easier. You don\'92t have to worry if it supported or not.\cb1 \
\ls3\ilvl0
\b \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Development:\'a0
\b0 If you plan to develop windows based applications then windows platform is most suggested as linux does not support windows applications.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl420\sa420\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 \'a0\

\b Disadvantage:
\b0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl320\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cf5 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Price:
\b0 \'a0Microsoft\'a0windows is costly compared to Linux as each license costs between $50.00-$100.00.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Security:
\b0 \'a0When compared to linux it is much more prone to viruses and other attacks.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Reliability:
\b0 \'a0It needs to be rebooted periodically else there is a possibility of hang up of the system.\cb1 \
\ls4\ilvl0
\b \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	
\f2 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Software Cost:\'a0
\b0 Even though the windows have softwares, games for free most of the programs will cost more than $200.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs32 \cf7 \cb6 \
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\ri300\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs36 \cf2 \cb1 Multimedia, Gaming, and Productivity Applications\
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\ri300\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf2 Both Linux and Windows OS are very rich in multimedia applications, though setting up sound and video options in older versions of Linux can be difficult for some users. The main advantage of Linux is that most of the multimedia applications are freely available, while in the case of Windows, users may have to pay a hefty amount to get the\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.diffen.com/difference/Hardware_vs_Software"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \ul \ulc8 software}}\'a0although many Open Source/Free versions are often available. Moreover, if anyone buys a copy of Windows on a CD-ROM, they do not get any application software with it, other than bundled Microsoft software. But if the same person buys a copy of Linux on a CD-ROM, it typically comes with a lot of free application software, such as Open Office, a complete free Office suite including\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spreadsheet"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 Spreadsheets}}, Presentation etc. A new computer with Windows pre-installed may have additional application software but that is totally up to the PC vendor. But, each Linux distribution comes in multiple flavors; the more expensive versions come with more application software.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\ri300\sl420\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs36 \cf2 Threats and Problems\
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\ri300\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf2 Every Windows user has faced security and stability issues. Since Windows is the most widely used OS,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hacker"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 hackers}},\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Spammers"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 spammers}}\'a0target Windows frequently. Consumer versions of Windows were originally designed for ease-of-use on a single-user\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.diffen.com/difference/Mac_vs_Pc"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \ul \ulc8 PC}}\'a0without a network connection and did not have security features built in. Microsoft releases security patches through its Windows Update service approximately once a month although critical updates are made available at shorter intervals when necessary.\'a0\uc0\u8232 Many times users of Windows OS face the \'93BLUE SCREEN OF DEATH\'94, caused by the failure of the system to respond, and eventually the user has to manually restart the PC . This is very frustrating for the user since they may lose valuable data.\
On the other hand, Linux is very stable and more secure than Windows. As Linux is community driven, developed through\'a0people collaboration and monitored constantly by the developers from every corner of the earth, any new problem raised can be solved within few hours and the necessary patch can be ready at the same time. Also Linux is based on the UNIX architecture which is a multi user OS, so it is much more stable than single user OS Windows.\
\

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5200\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl160 \clpadb140 \clpadr160 \gaph\cellx2880
\clmgf \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl160 \clpadb140 \clpadr160 \gaph\cellx5760
\clmrg \clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth8280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt200 \clpadl160 \clpadb140 \clpadr160 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl580\partightenfactor0

\f4\b\fs40 \cf2 Linux\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl580\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Windows\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5480\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt20 \clpadl20 \clpadb20 \clpadr20 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 	
\b\fs27\fsmilli13600 \cf9 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl380\partightenfactor0
\cf9 \cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf2 Introduction (from Wikipedia)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Linux is a Unix-like and POSIX-compliant computer operating system assembled under the model of free and open source software development and distribution. The defining component of Linux is the Linux kernel, an operating system kernel first released\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Microsoft Windows is a series of graphical interface operating systems developed, marketed, and sold by Microsoft. Microsoft introduced an operating environment named Windows on November 20, 1985 as a graphical operating system shell for MS-DOS.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Cost\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Linux can be freely distributed, downloaded freely, distributed through magazines, Books etc. There are priced versions for Linux also, but they are normally cheaper than Windows.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 $119 - $199.99, $69 for students, $99 to upgrade to pro\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Development and Distribution\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Linux is developed by Open Source development i.e. through sharing and collaboration of code and features through forums etc and it is distributed by various vendors.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Developed and distributed by Microsoft.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Manufacturer\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Linux kernel is developed by the community. Linus Torvalds oversees things.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Microsoft\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Company / developer\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Linus Torvalds and the Linux community.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Microsoft\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 User\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Everyone. From home users to developers and computer enthusiasts alike.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Everyone\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Update method\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Many\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Windows Update\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Preceded by\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Basic Terminal (CLI)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 MS-DOS\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 License\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 GNU General Public License\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Proprietary\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Available language(s)\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Multilingual\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Multilingual\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Usage\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Linux can be installed on a wide variety of computer hardware, ranging from mobile phones, tablet computers and\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.diffen.com/difference/PS4_vs_Wii_U"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \ul \ulc8 video game consoles}}, to mainframes and supercomputers.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 On PC's desktops, laptops, servers and some phones.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 File system support\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Ext2, Ext3, Ext4, Jfs, ReiserFS, Xfs, Btrfs, FAT,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.diffen.com/difference/FAT32_vs_NTFS"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \ul \ulc8 FAT32, NTFS}}\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 FAT,\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.diffen.com/difference/FAT32_vs_NTFS"}}{\fldrslt \cf8 \ul \ulc8 FAT32, NTFS}}, exFAT\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Default user interface\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.diffen.com/difference/GNOME_vs_KDE"}}{\fldrslt 
\b0 \cf8 \ul \ulc8 Gnome or KDE}}
\b0 \cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Graphical (Windows Aero)\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Text mode interface\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 BASH (Bourne Again SHell) is the Linux default shell. It can support multiple command interpreters.\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Windows uses a command shell and each version of Windows has a single command interpreter with dos-like commands, recently there is the addition of the optional PowerShell that uses more Unix-like commands.\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Source model\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Free Software\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Closed / Shared source\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Supported platforms\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 All\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 PowerPC: versions 1.0 - NT 4.0; DEC Alpha: versions 1.0 - NT 4.0; MIPS R4000: versions 1.0 - NT 4.0; IA-32: versions 1.0 - 8; IA-64: version XP; x86-64: versions XP - 8; ARM: version RT;\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 OS family\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 GNU\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 DOS\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Programmed in\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 C,\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Assembly, C, C++\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw40\brdrcf10 \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Marketing target\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 Server, Personal,\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Personal, business\cell \row

\itap1\trowd \taflags5 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \tamart40 \trmarl200 \tamarb40 \trmarr200 \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5420\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl0 \clpadb140 \clpadr100 \gaph\cellx2880
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth5280\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx5760
\clvertalt \clshdrawnil \clwWidth2520\clftsWidth3 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt140 \clpadl200 \clpadb140 \clpadr200 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\qr\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 Compatibility\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf2 New version of linux support many kinds of hardware\cell 
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Can coexist on local networks with Windows, BSD, Macs, and other Unix-like systems. Sometimes file compatibility issues may arise.\cell \lastrow\row
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\ri300\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf2 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl720\sa400\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs60 \cf11 \cb6 10. Reliability\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa600\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs40 \cf11 Windows, as we know it, becomes sluggish day after day. You will want to re-install Windows after a while when you encounter crashes or slowdowns on your system.\
If you are using Linux, you will not have to worry about re-installing it just to experience a faster and a smoother system. Linux helps your system run smooth for a longer period (in fact, much longer!).\
Also, with Windows, you will have to adapt to a habit where you keep on rebooting the system for just about everything.\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\ls6\ilvl0\cf11 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl720\sa400\qj\partightenfactor0

\b\fs60 \cf11 1. Privacy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\sa600\qj\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs40 \cf11 Microsoft certainly tries to anonymize the data collected from every user. However, it does not look convincing with Microsoft\'92s latest Windows 10. It has already received an\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://thenextweb.com/microsoft/2015/07/29/wind-nos/"}}{\fldrslt \cf12 enormous amount of criticism of how it collects data}}, what it should collect and what it should not.\
If you have ever used Windows 10, you could only head into the privacy settings to know that everything is enabled by default. Even if you opt out to send Microsoft information about your data, it is still being collected. Of course, Microsoft will not bother revealing it officially with a press statement, but it surely does. So, you would need a set of tools to disable the spying modules of Windows.\
In contrast, Linux would be the perfect solution for a privacy buff. First of all, Linux distributions do not collect much data (or none). Moreover, you will not be needing additional tools to protect your privacy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\li300\ri300\sl300\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs25\fsmilli12600 \cf2 \cb1 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}